so find two reps you would buy from
work with them help them so they hit
quota and then hire a sales leader the
other mistake people make I mean it's
become so trite but it it in in the last
panel I'm sure will recite it like it's
it's hyper risky to hire ahead of sales
even a stretch one before you have two
reps that hit quota because a head of
sales job is to hire reps three through
three hundred not to create product
Market fit not to create the Playbook
but to take a really rough Playbook
that's that it's not really clear why
it's working but you've proven twice two
reps can hit quota
a smart first time VP sales will listen
they'll learn they'll get on calls they
may carry a quota they may carry it back
and they'll hire you three three hundred
so two you would buy from then wait then
hire the head of sales right and then
the last one then we can break we go
along is and I wrote this so early and
people still think that's controversial
today but I wrote one of the first
faster posts and I've updated it which
is I hired my VP of marketing at 20K mrr
it wasn't a week too early okay I used
to have like cuter titles but I hired it
20K Mr it wasn't a week too early and I
and I went through the math I hired I
hired Loretta at 20K I didn't know much
about marketing at the time
but I think we went from like 20 20. so
20 kmr 240 to maybe 800 in a year it
wasn't like a rocket ship right but you
come in and all she had to do was help
get me in enough leads to close another
couple hundred thousand dollars and that
one more than covered her comp to fueled
the sales team three built our bones so
we could do more demand gen and things
and so don't hire someone that works on
your logo all day there's another old
classic faster post don't hire the wrong
VP marketer you'll just get a bunch of
pens with your blue logos on it half the
folks here will tell you their Miss hire
marketing just did like branding and
product marketing and corporate
marketing no but you can't hire a growth
marketer a true demand gen marketer
uh you can hire them too early when you
have no customers but as soon as you
have even a hand 10 20 customers you can
hire a great senior growth marketer
Dimension to get you more leads so hire
that person as early as you can find her
or him that's